v4.9 Release (#110)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/whats-new.txt

   :values: reference

.. meta::
   :keywords: update, new feature, deprecation, upgrade, driver v4.7, driver v4.8, driver v4.9

Learn what's new in:

* :ref:`Version 4.9 <version-4.9>`
* :ref:`Version 4.8 <version-4.8>`
* :ref:`Version 4.7 <version-4.7>`

.. _upcoming-breaking-changes:

.. _version-4.9:

What's New in 4.9
-----------------

> - Adds support for MongoDB 8.0 and Python 3.13.
> - Adds support for range queries with Queryable Encryption.
> - Adds a new asynchronous API. This API is in beta and is subject to change
>   before full release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for {+mdb-server+} 8.0 and Python 3.13.

- Adds support for Queryable Encryption (QE) range queries. To use this
  feature, your app must connect to {+mdb-server+} 8.0 or later. For
  more information about QE range queries, see :manual:`Queryable
  Encryption </core/queryable-encryption>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual.
  
- Adds a new asynchronous API. This API is in beta and is subject to change
  before the generally available release.
```

> .. TODO: Add link to the Pymongo Async migration guide

Reviewer: S: While this is a TODO, could you add more info about what this means for motor to the whats new item?
